Improve integrations API (#128)
bilelmoussaoui/flatpak-vscode: README.md

## Integrations

> Other extensions like `rust-analyzer` and `vls` works better mostly if it integrates with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other extensions like `rust-analyzer` and `vls` works better mostly if it is integrated with the
```
